README.md, before:

# [Substrate Collectables][main link]
> The interactive hands-on build-your-first-blockchain with [Substrate][] workshop

[Getting Started Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dhaoLb5V2K_vDe4EJlUcKwePD1nMktr57fOdSo8bHns/edit#slide=id.g45ee0ba2ab_3_12)

![A screenshot of Substrate kitties](./media/substrate-collectables.png)

## What is this?

This is an interactive hands-on self-paced workshop. You will learn how to build your first blockchain using [Substrate][], the OpenSource [Rust][] Blockchain Development Kit by [Parity][]. Through the lessons of the workshop, you will build a collectables blockchain -- a chain that creates assets, and allows you to interact with and managing ownership of them.

As such, this material will focus on the logic of building the said chain. It won't cover the networking, consensus or economic incentive aspects of blockchains. Fortunately, Substrate comes with decent networking and consensus engines built in, so we can just focus on the chain logic.

Substrate is built using [Rust][], a modern statically typed systems programming language. We won't go into the details of the language within this workshop. The language is quite easy to read and follow and if you have programmed before, you shouldn't have too much trouble following what is going on and finishing the exercises even if [Rust][] is new to you.

## How do I do this?

Just go through the material chapter by chapter, do one exercise at a time. While the material is meant for you to be able to do on your own, we highly recommend you to get together and work on it with others, in learning groups or hosted workshops. It is totally normal to get stuck from time to time or to not understand what the material is attempting to explain. In those situations it helps a lot to have others around to talk to about it and resolve that frustration. That said, we highly appreciate any [feedback regarding the material, and where you might got stuck][feedback].

# [Let's go!](/0/introduction.md)

---
**NOTE**

Substrate is a rapidly evolving project, which means that breaking changes may cause you problems when trying to follow these instructions. Feel free to [contact us](https://substrate.readme.io/v1.0.0/docs/feedback) with any problems you encounter.

---

## How to contribute

* Open [issues on our GitHub](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-collectables-workshop/issues)

* Fork and clone the [repository](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-collectables-workshop)

* Launch a local development server with a tool like [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) for [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

* Contribute by commiting and pushing changes to a branch of your origin fork and creating a Pull Request to the upstream repository

## Acknowledgements

Open source projects like Substrate and this workshop could not be successful without the collective minds and collaborative effort of the development community.

The Substratekitties workshop stands on the backs of giants like [Cryptokitties](https://www.cryptokitties.co/), [Cryptozombies](https://cryptozombies.io/), [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/), [Monaco Editor](https://microsoft.github.io/monaco-editor/), [David Revoy's Cat Avatar Generator](https://framagit.org/Deevad/cat-avatar-generator), and numerous volunteers to report errors and bugs along the way.

We hope this educational material teaches you something new, and in turn, you teach others too.

---

[main link]: https://substrate-developer-hub.github.io/substrate-collectables-workshop/
[feedback]: https://docs.substrate.dev/docs/feedback
[Substrate]: https://www.parity.io/substrate/
[Substrate docs]: https://docs.substrate.dev/
[Parity]: https://www.parity.io/
[Rust]: https://www.rust-lang.org/

Commit message:

Fork off to new workshop

README.md, after:

# [Substrate Verifiable Credentials][main link]
> The interactive hands-on build-your-first-blockchain with [Substrate][] workshop

[Getting Started Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dhaoLb5V2K_vDe4EJlUcKwePD1nMktr57fOdSo8bHns/edit#slide=id.g45ee0ba2ab_3_12)

## What is this?

This is an interactive hands-on self-paced workshop. You will learn how to build your first blockchain using [Substrate][], the OpenSource [Rust][] Blockchain Development Kit by [Parity][]. Through the lessons of the workshop, you will build a verifiable credentials blockchain -- a chain that where identities can assign other identities credentials that other can then verify the idenity is holder of said credential.

As such, this material will focus on the logic of building the said chain. It won't cover the networking, consensus or economic incentive aspects of blockchains. Fortunately, Substrate comes with decent networking and consensus engines built in, so we can just focus on the chain logic.

Substrate is built using [Rust][], a modern statically typed systems programming language. We won't go into the details of the language within this workshop. The language is quite easy to read and follow and if you have programmed before, you shouldn't have too much trouble following what is going on and finishing the exercises even if [Rust][] is new to you.

## How do I do this?

Just go through the material chapter by chapter, do one exercise at a time. While the material is meant for you to be able to do on your own, we highly recommend you to get together and work on it with others, in learning groups or hosted workshops. It is totally normal to get stuck from time to time or to not understand what the material is attempting to explain. In those situations it helps a lot to have others around to talk to about it and resolve that frustration. That said, we highly appreciate any [feedback regarding the material, and where you might got stuck][feedback].

# [Let's go!](/0/introduction.md)

---
**NOTE**

Substrate is a rapidly evolving project, which means that breaking changes may cause you problems when trying to follow these instructions. Feel free to [contact us](https://substrate.readme.io/v1.0.0/docs/feedback) with any problems you encounter.

---

## How to contribute

* Open [issues on our GitHub](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-collectables-workshop/issues)

* Fork and clone the [repository](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-collectables-workshop)

* Launch a local development server with a tool like [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) for [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

* Contribute by commiting and pushing changes to a branch of your origin fork and creating a Pull Request to the upstream repository

## Acknowledgements

Open source projects like Substrate and this workshop could not be successful without the collective minds and collaborative effort of the development community.

This Workshops is a fork of the famous [Substratekitties workshop](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-collectables-workshop), which itself stands on the backs of giants like [Cryptokitties](https://www.cryptokitties.co/), [Cryptozombies](https://cryptozombies.io/), [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/), [Monaco Editor](https://microsoft.github.io/monaco-editor/), [David Revoy's Cat Avatar Generator](https://framagit.org/Deevad/cat-avatar-generator), and numerous volunteers to report errors and bugs along the way.

We hope this educational material teaches you something new, and in turn, you teach others too.

---

[main link]: https://substrate-developer-hub.github.io/substrate-collectables-workshop/
[feedback]: https://docs.substrate.dev/docs/feedback
[Substrate]: https://www.parity.io/substrate/
[Substrate docs]: https://docs.substrate.dev/
[Parity]: https://www.parity.io/
[Rust]: https://www.rust-lang.org/
