2/introduction.md, before:

Introduction
===

[CryptoKitties](https://www.cryptokitties.co/) is a popular Ethereum dApp that at one point accounted for more than 20% of all incoming transactions on the Ethereum blockchain. In this tutorial, we will try to follow in their footsteps and create the next viral application on Substrate.

In this section, we will show you how to create a runtime which allows users create and own non-fungible tokens.

## Non-Fungible Token

CryptoKitties and other similar dApps use *non-fungible tokens* to represent their assets. A non-fungible token (NFT) is a token which is unique and distinguishable in nature. Whereas you can trade your Bitcoin for someone elses Bitcoin without really changing anything, when you create a kitty on CryptoKitties, you are generating a one of a kind, unique and irreplaceable item.

NFTs are particularly exciting not just because they are unique, but because of the things you can do with them! You can own a token, trade your tokens, buy or sell tokens, track the specific history of a token, and even have tokens interact with one another.

## ERC-721

[ERC-721](http://erc721.org/) is an extremely popular Ethereum token standard for non-fungible tokens. Since this standard is widely used, and there have been numerous smart contracts built using this standard, we will be using it as a rough basis for how our app should be structured.

Specifically, we will look to the [OpenZeppelin implementation](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol), avoiding some of the more unnecessary features like "token approvals".

Commit message:

replace section #2 intro with credentials

2/introduction.md, after:

Introduction
===

[Verifiable Credentials](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/) are an arising specification to model cryptographically proofable digital claims of credentials. To quote the abstract of the specification:
> Credentials are a part of our daily lives; driver's licenses are used to assert that we are capable of operating a motor vehicle, university degrees can be used to assert our level of education, and government-issued passports enable us to travel between countries. This specification provides a mechanism to express these sorts of credentials on the Web in a way that is cryptographically secure, privacy respecting, and machine-verifiable. 

In this tutorial we attempt to build a runtime that allows for a simplistic implementation of verifiable credentials. Though inspiried by the specification and using [its terminilogy](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#terminology), this is no attempt to create a feature complete or even spec compliant implementation. For our tutorial we will focus on the most simple case, where we know of two main objects: `identities` and `credential`.

In this chain, any `identity` can create a `credential` - making them the `issuer` - to any other `Identity` - making them the holder - by  assiging them a  `subject` through a signed extrinsics call. Once issued, the `holder` can claim to hold the `subject` and anyone can verify that claim by calling a function on the runtime with the `holder`s `Identity` and the given `subject`. Of course not everyone is allowed to create a `credential` for every `subject` but needs the appropriate `credentials` themselves - it is turtles all the way down ;D .

A simple example of that would be when a local government (`issuer`) would allow someone (`holder`)  to drive (`subject`) by issuing a drivers license (`credential`). In the physical world the drivers license is the de-facto proof of that, but if a police officer believes it to be faked, they might call in the issuing authority and ask them directly whether their records match up. In our chain, one would just `claim` to hold the `credentials` to drive and anyone can verify that claim against with the runtime. 

In this section, we will show you how to create a runtime which allows users create and own credentials.
